# Introduction
Banks and financial institutions diligently collect ever increasing data about their customers and rapidly changing market conditions. Currently, it is human experts who build reports, tools, and statistical models to analyze these data. This slow and painstaking process slows down adapting to new business environments and induces sunk costs and missed opportunities. To avoid that, it is crucial that you harness your data and utilize their full potential to your competitive advantage.

At Facilization we help you do exactly that. We have built an artificial intelligence service that leverages machine learning to extract value from your data. Machine learning automatically analyzes data to build models that predict future outcomes. As more data are collected, models continually update to generate faster and timely intelligent decisions. We tailor this general-purpose solution to address various problems, such as customer segmentation, personalized loan recommendations, customer scoring, loan default predictions, etc. Our cross-functional team combines our finance, software development and data analysis expertise and will work with you to identify and solve your specific business challenges.

You can now use your data efficiently to inform your decision-making. You can set different priorities and see forecasts to balance between them. You can offer your customers individualized experiences, and therefore gain an unparalleled engagement. You can target new customer segments, and create new revenue streams. More importantly, you can let your data work for you and lay a strong foundation to respond quickly and effectively to your needs.
